# Yet Another Codeforces Visualizer

## Description
Codeforces is a website that hosts competitive programming contests. While the site has lots of various programming problems from various computer science topics, users dont have much built-in tools to visualize their progress. "Yet Another Codeforces Visualizer" - is a website that makes various diagrams to better visualize codeforcews.com users progress, areas where they excel and where they should train. It also allows users to track their friends progress, comment on their profiles.  

## Entity definition
<br> Yet Another Codeforces Visualizer user  
<br> id - auto-generated by mongoDB  
<br> Registration date  JS Date() object
<br> about me (string, utf8, < 1MB)  
<br> codeforces handle (string (handle existing on codeforces, must be verified))  
<br> email (string of form xxx@yyy.zzz)  

## API definition
App will use these methods from codeforces API:  
  
<br> user.status - Returns submissions of specified user.  
<br> problemset.problems - Returns all problems from problemset. Problems can be filtered by tags.  
<br> (...)  


 - GET / - returns the main page of web app  
 - GET /verify/email?token={token} - tries verifying email based on token in query string parameters  

 - POST /verify/handle - starts codeforces handle verification (asks users to submit compilation error to random problem, if user manages to do that, his handle will be verified)  

 - POST /update/about/me - updates about me section of user. Requires authentification (token)  
 
 - POST /register - if all info provided in registration form is valid and given emal is not already in database, creates temporary user and sends verification code to specified email address  

 - POST /post/comment - if user has verified codeforces handle and comment is not too large, posts the comment on specified profile. needs auth.    

 - POST /login - if provided info exists and matches info in database login the user, give him generated auth token  

 - GET /user/:handle - return JSON of user with given handle (if exits). Removes sensitive info (token, pass)  

 - GET /comments/:handle - returns array of all comments associated with given handle  

 - POST /change/pass - let's user change current password, need auth.  

 - DELETE /delete/account - delete's users account, need auth.  

Some of possible errors:  

 500 {status: 'fail', message: 'Error'}  
 401 {status: 'fail', message: 'Current password is incorrect'}  
 401 {status: 'fail', message: 'incorrect password'}  
 400 {status: 'fail', message: 'New password and confirm new password does not match'}  
 400 {status: "fail", message: "invalid handle"}  
 404 {status: "fail", message: "User Does not exits in DB"}  

## UI definition
<br><a href="https://wireframe.cc/6QxSlU">Vireframes</a>
